from the vaccine you believed
2013 is heavy and we have more together
The botafogo plays in pacaembu promises him
100 cabin for asking and I also feel
through my building garage
the Arab concessionaire who has not
going to a nothingness and the impactful novices
the one that can even in the afternoon of
Saturday
the fall with the nec does not close every day
Then go pro together and see how it is.
but do not think so will play all
This but will come back to me because
affirms sponsors and jorginho was the tram
It's heavy I close the dollars and went there
arrives in a stateroom is already exacerbated
we say what to have're playing same side
that money is beaten around 6
hours of the day where blue ball steel
She would like a brand new tip to talk about.
best hour
jorge rocha
those who believed 2003 are not heavy and
More tamo together
but she 's drowning dull internet
they in camaro cap i also had
distracted my garage looks like a
concessionaire who is not jealous
going to a nothing that the new line to
sympathizers that she who can
says the process does not take or who inherits
Do not want any of this, then come to us.
world you will see how you think so
will play all but will return
for me because it says it sponsors and
It was a good day, despite the closure.
the barbarism was there arrives in the cabin already
is exacerbated wisco save the treaty there
even because money is based on 20
Times of Day
full back blouse I like a
tip only came to speak better or worse
sometimes the highest values ​​do not